# MODALS SETUP
---

### Key Objectives:
* To draft some dynamic pop ups/modals for the projects section.

### Overview:
Here we just want to get a modals section to pop up when we click on an image. I also want to have a sort of gallery between projects. This is NOT required for your portfolio, but it does lead to a heightened understanding of adding more features to strenghen our project.

### Steps:
1. There is not a video for this module. Please let us know if you have questions about the code in this section.
2. You can see the finished pop up code [here](https://github.com/ElevenfiftyAcademy/JavaScript-151-PortfolioStarter/tree/module-13-portfolio-modal-setup) or locally on your own branch.
3. If you look locally, jump onto the `module-13-portfolio-modal-setup` branch and run a `git pull` in the terminal window to be sure that you have the current version.
4. We installed magnific-popup by running `npm install magnific-popup --save`.
5. Notice, it's now in the `package.json` file.
6. You will simply have to run `npm install` in the command line to get the package in your node_modules folder.
7. Then, we added a link to the CSS file in the head (screenshot?):
8. Like the other tools we've used, we also added the JS file at he bottom of the project (screenshot?):
9. Next, we tried to find a simple way to get the library working. A little reading of the [docs](http://dimsemenov.com/plugins/magnific-popup/), led to the discovery of a [codepen](https://codepen.io/dimsemenov/pen/hutrb), assembled by the creator of magnific-popup. The codepen showcases the usage of the tool in a streamlined way, so we followed his example somewhat closely.
10. To see what we did, take special note of the following files/lines(screenshots):
    * index.html ------> Lines 95-96.
        * Notice additional classes and a few other items.
        * That pattern gets repeated for all seven other portfolio items.
    * main.js -----> Lines 12-36.
        * This is a jQuery function that just gets a pop up running and closing.
    * portfolio.scss -----> 
        * Here we have a couple small additions to style the portfolio item when we hover.
        * Not a lot added, just enough to get started.
11. If you decide to make modals for your projects, this is a solid library to use. There are others, like [animated modal](http://joaopereirawd.github.io/animatedModal.js/) that are extremely good, too.
12. Consider adding your own modals for your projects(or anything else) at some point.
13. Thanks so much! More to come soon....
