# ABOUT STYLE STARTER
---

### Key Objectives:
* To start to stylize the about section.

### Overview:
In this module we star to refactor our stubbed out code in the About section. In our example project we add a simple background image based on the EFA color palette. We also continue on with our animation and use [wow.js](https://wowjs.uk/) to make our about text come in from the left. It is not required that you add animations to your portfolio, but it's good to know how to do. In modern front end development, it's a skill that you will need to have.

### Notes/Tips
* This is an open ended task, and it gets hard to identify when you are done. We recommend time boxing your work.
* Having good ideas is great, but it's also ok to just explore. Sometimes ideas come after the first try.
* Don't be afraid to throw out entire ideas. If it's not working, sometimes you just chuck it.
* It can ake many attempts to get animations and stylistic things looking nice and how you want them. Don't be discouraged if you don't get it the first time.

### Steps:
1. Go to the `module-9-about-styling-starter` branch.
2. Open your terminal window and do `git pull`. Again, this will make sure that you have the most up to date version of our code. If you started this project early on, we might have made updates to this module.
3. Watch this short video about this section. {% youtube %}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axQ3ZwW0Kzg{% endyoutube %}
4. Start to stylize the About section. As you do it, you will probably want to start writing some content about yourself.
5. Look at past student examples for ideas on phrasing and what to say. What sounds good? You might want to add some information about why you decided to become a coder.
6. Once you get the About Section laid out, go ahead and move on. We'll be doing something a little different in the next module.
