# PROJECTS STYLING STARTER
---

### Key Objectives:
* To start to stylize the projects sections.
* To add basic animations and effects to our project.

### Overview:
In this module we start to refactor or stub out code in the portfolio section. In our example project we add some basic animation to the portfolio section. It is not required that you add animations to your portfolio, but it's good to know how to do it. In modern front end development, it's a skill that you will need to have. We also do some more additions to our gulpfile.js for minification. Minification allows us to streamline the whitespace out of our code, which makes the app faster in the end.

### Notes/Tips:
* This is an open ended task, and it gets hard to identify when you are done. We recommend time boxing your work. Set a designated time and quit. Do a little animation and move on.
* Having good ideas is great, but it's also ok to just explore. Just like any other creative endeavor, ideas will often come after the first try and after you come back to it later.
* Don't be afraid to throw out entire ideas. If it's not working, sometimes you just chuck it.
* It can take many attempts to get animations and stylistic things looking nice and how you want them. Don't be discouraged if you don't get it the first time.

### Steps:
1. This module has two parts for the videos. Check those out now: 
<br>
<br>
**Part1** {% youtube %}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbKX0S6yqe8{% endyoutube %}
<br>
**Part2** {% youtube %}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9CY8N5a7FM{% endyoutube %}

2. Go to the `module-8-portfolio-styling-starter` branch.
3. Open your terminal window and do `git pull`. This will make sure that you have the most up to date version of our code from Github. If you started this project early on, we might have made updates to this module. (Will there still be updates?)
4. While you have the terminal open, run `npm install`. This will update the animations dependencies that are needed. If you get the dreaded error that says **'run as root administrator'**, close down VS Code and reopen it. Run `npm install` again. That should fix it.
5. Add the ability to minify you code with a single gulp command, as explained in the video. You also want to be able to run gulp dev and have the code minify any new changes to your JavaScript files.
6. To add [wowjs](https://wowjs.uk/) or [animate.css](https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/) to your project, you'll need to do an `npm install` for both of those. Read the docs for each one to figure that out.
7. After looking at the example app, start to stylize your own 'Portfolio/Projects' section. Play around with animation.css and wow. See what you think. These are great tools to know.
8. When you get your projects section to a satisfactory place and gulp is doing proper minification, go ahead and move on to the next module.
