# HTML STRUCTURE
---

### Key Objectives:
* To stub out the structure of an HTML page.
* To continue implementing Bootstrap for responsive design.

### Overview:
In this module we set up some raw HTML(with Bootstrap) to structure our page. It is easy to get mired in the minutiae of how things are going to look, so we are taking an iterative approach to building the application out. Get some code stubbed out to structure the app. Don't spend too much time styling. It's guaranteed that this code will mutate over time. In other words, we are going to get a rough draft going for now.

### Notes/Tips:
* This section could possibly take a couple hours, depending on how picky you are and how organized you stay.
* You have to stay disciplined and not worry too much about how things look at this point. This is not time to burn on how a button is looking. Just get it in the code.
* Stay very organized. After adding some HTML with properly closed tags, click `alt+shift+f` to tabify your HTML in Visual Studio Code.
* If you copy and paste, try stripping a chunk of code down to its rawest form. What are the bare essentials that you need? Doing this will teach you a lot about what's happening.
* If you don't know what something is, take 1-2 minutes to quickly Google what it's doing.

### Steps
1. Watch the provided video. {% youtube %}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cd4VBGt0o3I{% endyoutube %}
2. Take a look at some of the code for each section.
3. Open your projects. Study the docs and write Bootstrap starter code for all of the major sections:
    * Navbar
    * Header
    * Projects
    * About
    * Contact
    * Footer
    * Commit your code and push it to your Github repository when finished.
4. Go on to the next module.
